[Music]
so good people
Today I'm going to teach a song well.
simple is that there are many people asking
This is a compliment to you
only in're taken because the soil
people already posted on the site in one of the videos
such
and you can also work there this
solo along with this melody
The harmony that I 'm going through now is good.
So I'll be teaching her and in two
taken different
the first one is congratulations to
You arrive at the person's house.
who will sing with everyone together and
such and the second levadas will be a style
more rock in houghton beauty of the first
Little ball
[Music]
so high that we will be using
Congratulations to you more
traditional relationship between family and
It's going to be one taken down and two
up will be a more or less style of
come back
when we speak waltz musically
he is speaking in a three-way
by type 123 123 123 levadinha
It's going to be this. It 's like I'm going to put a
most home here for you felt
then the count of that levy is 123
123 123 123 beauty
Then the chords are in this song.
vote using the largest
the bigger name is bigger because actually
I wanted to leave this song a little
more cheerful a little higher then
when you change the chord for example
If you turn down the tint to the sun
Tell me, she 's losing a little.
of joy then so I recorded this
video in there bigger k leave a little bit
taller more merry
so come on, let's sing the song
now this song has a
peculiarity that is the following it enters
Nené year for congratulations then right pa
he will enter the last little set on 3
would that be here O
[Music]
so she gets the voice in the third
Upinha is up then you go
to fix here the video that I 'm going to do
now for you
[Music]
congratulations to you on this dear date
Congratulations, many years of life.
Congratulations, many years and life.
So people, let's learn her now.
rock beat on return to leave a
a little more cheerful tone so high
It's going to be the one we already have.
placed on some videos is not that it was
rock'n'roll basic beauty
so let's go to the song now
[Music]
congratulations to you on this dear date
Congratulations, many years of life
muchas felicidades many years sold
So, guys, it was a compliment to
You're going to cheer on the party of
I hope you liked the house.
a hug was worth it folks sign
on our channel to receive the
updates and if you liked this
video who I liked
[Music]